.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas breaking long standing US policy.
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
If you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic. - Think Like a Billionaire
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from ObamaCare to a deserter.
.@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch
“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp; @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
“It's a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage.
Be sure to buy this month’s @AmSpec magazine. Read “A Trump Card” my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it!
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster.
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well it had to happen. People that are disloyal in the long run never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @Oprah
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice.
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden ObamaCare VA Russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Focus on your goals not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
Intrinsic means basic inborn elemental. If you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away. - Think Like a Champion
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Like it or not Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison
Winners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi
“Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.” - Think Like a Champion
I am speaking today at the National Press Club totally sold out and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament congrats to Monty Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory fantastic victory!
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job Mitch.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself just keep fighting - in the end you WIN!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein”
Thx and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
Advice from my father Fred C. Trump:  "Know everything you can about what you're doing."
Advice from my mother Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself."
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big
If you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Then heading to Dubai  @DamacOfficial a great company.
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links Ireland. It will be great
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery just had it!
Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Dennis—Thank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldn’t take it. Great!  @dennisrodman
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  Thomas A. Edison
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
@dallascowboys   Jerry GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
I am watching the NFL DRAFT will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - @TigerWoods
Remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success let people know about it.
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - Midas Touch
Also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.