Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Remember the harder you work the luckier you get!
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa send Joni to DC!
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed promote yourself!
With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC) Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
He who demands little gets it. - Ellen Glasgow
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100% he should be bunker busted to hell.
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic isn't it!
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M.
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
“Chalk failure up to experience don’t take it personally and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up
“You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
“When everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
“If you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington D.C. the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai India. Building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great! Press is going wild.
Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.”  - Benjamin Franklin
“If you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give Up
Just watched Full Metal Jacket can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on.” – Think Big
“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” -   Vince Lombardi
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Sorry won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” -   Sun Tzu
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Sorry I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India.
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character motivation and bring opportunity.
Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill
Thanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soon
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give up
Congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will Obama hold today?
“Being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas Touch
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Focus on your goals not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor Westchester is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads high taxes housing down. @westchestergov
We should have taken the oil in Iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the United States is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast!
If you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed - that our President and therefore "leader" is grossly incompetent!
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Just as I have been predicting for years Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil"
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
.@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- Henry Ford
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them  at the highest level over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
If our border is not secure we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
With our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
“Developing your talent requires work and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give Up
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach Florida.
Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera!