.@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  I got much better—no contest—I got Melania!
.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and @VanityFair are failing so badly. He’s only focused on his bad food restaurants.
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
.@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost!
.@katyperry  Katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going a waste!
.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
It is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn't say what we all want to hear"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS"
“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  @Perduesenate to change things!
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
If you want more you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now on top of everything else we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S. President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
If you never want to be criticized for goodness' sake don't do anything new. -- Jeff Bezos
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama even if she is embarrassed then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father like son.
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games too many flags too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Wow China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event I'm just not watching them much anymore!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn't care!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola caught it!
President Obama NOW bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa before it is too late AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Isn't it ridiculous starting today new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
I've never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold!  So nice a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!).
Do you notice that because of Ebola ISIS etc. ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan.”
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo where they belong. Mission accomplished.
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. @mcuban
.@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by Cuomo when he does his commercials!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY but what a loser!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman the worst attorney general in the US is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take - @Avik
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed!
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China Russia or wealthy African oil nations
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
In a little reported event China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
Obama stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
Can you believe this fool Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC just stated "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa" DOPE
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem.
“Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
I was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor?  It is a disgrace!
Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago the Windy City’s top hotel!
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
Looking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoral
Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work low pay mean boss!”
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.