WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump."
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program. -- Milton Friedman
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame.
It's Thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against @MittRomney?
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
I will be speaking Monday September 24 (10 A.M.) at Liberty University to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
With allies like Egypt and Libya who needs enemies?!
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
If Obama was smart he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
Weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. -- Vince Lombardi
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel. -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party. -- @limbaugh
Amazing. @CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.--General George S. Patton
President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people--Clint Eastwood
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence go with your gut!
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery phony numbers
There are now 119000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88921000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
Drew Peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
Under @BarackObama 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion -- @MittRomney
Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people. --@MittRomney
Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you United States for making this possible!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Change before you have to. --Jack Welch
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts etc.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136260 per household a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
.@lancearmstrong revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon @lancearmstrong for events that took place years ago in France?
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @BarackObama's term.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
As I predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
@MELANIATRUMP on @QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
.@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." --@MittRomney
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from. --@marcorubio
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
If you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome.  -- Michael Jordan
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
It's Friday how many advertisers dropped @HuffPost today?