@dwangpow   So true!
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
“Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father Fred C. Trump
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison but he’s up for parole—let him go!
Snowden if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality you are just another wiseguy traitor.
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
@DurangoRick Thank you!
@jaymztyler I would stop paying him immediately.
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
@spence_derek I'll bet he was!
Fox and.Friends now!
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
@kenzig   Thank you.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction always watch the money!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
@danshaw2012   True!
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle but all mine
@CarlosGerboles   Wrong made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with it-look at stats.
@ebrumby   Thank you.
@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems.
I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
Imagination is more important than knowledge. --Albert Einstein
Sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations. - Steve Jobs
Congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl. bald eagles
“Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big
How did Snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave or sold those records-traitor!
@Rogerjmunson   Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"
Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.”
Call it any way you like but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
“Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao Tzu
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
@AGCCevents @chambertalk Have fun!
@inkinhole  Very sad isn't it!
@VinceMirabelli @TrumpLasVegas Thanks!
@Rich_LaBelle Have fun.
@KennethHazlett An answer would not be pretty!
@MIbrunette  Our country needs the same fix-up.
Whether you like it or not Bush also gave us Obama!
Remember but for Conservatives Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it Bush was terrible!
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast.
“Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
As hard as it is to believe sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a Champion
Shining over Fifth Avenue @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and Gucci.
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed will be elite!
@nstegm  Real estate!
@pearlharry  Thank you!
@cherrie_stevens Interesting!
@Fordette12 Great!
@DerrinTexada Good luck--work hard!
@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
@lmetzger3590   Thank you.
@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett Kravis Icahn Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's.
New and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!
@KevinwArchie   Thanks.
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower Patrick Kane @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series.
If you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience. - Midas Touch
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information. - Think Big
Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech.
.@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
Becoming a US citizen is not a right it’s a privilege.
Yesterday 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
@MFMagOfficial Thank you.
@EcatXerxes  Go for it!
@lorenzolamas Thank you!
@513pango That's really nice--good luck!
@cwbmustang There certainly is plenty of evil.
@HalfMoon4Life Thanks.
@1DavidKim @TrumpToronto Great!
@paulcdevlin Much better enjoy it!
“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.