Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistan's so called leader Karzai is toying with the U.S.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
When times are difficult you must be even more focused. That’s when you will find profitable opportunities.
For all of those who have been asking a big cast announcement coming soon for @ApprenticeNBC!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.  Albert Einstein
You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself. -- Think Like a Champion
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
People often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.  Henry Ford
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein who lost his company to Colony Capital is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
Wow just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
@EdwardFCox and @RobAstorino who I like are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
To get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
“Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan
@NewYorkGOP leader Ed Cox’s record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
@BreitbartNews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrew’s legacy lives on.
Looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
To be a winner think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted see you at the show!
I would like to thank a great writer and person @JPappasPR. of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
“Winning takes talent to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement?
@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
For great success you need passion but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
@cmo626 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?"  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
Focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Understand that difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
@jglenstevens No we need a great businessman.
@Helena_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
Whether you like Obama or not Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally I hate rats.
In politics and sometimes in life FRIENDS COME AND GO BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
Focus on your goals not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business.
_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. Respect" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country." Thx
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela Monica Spear is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman she will be missed.
@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties shirts and suits thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Please @21Club go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!
Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad.
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year
“The future is always beginning now.” -  Mark Strand former Poet Laureate
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain &amp; is an important element of success.
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
“Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - Think Big
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing record low tempsand our GW scientists are stuck in ice