Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record no problem
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
“Don't fight the problem decide it.” – General George C. Marshall
“You have to keep going and moving forward no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – Think Like a Champion
“Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give Up
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies i.e. Mexico and others.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine
Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico no friend until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not he doesn't have "it"
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
“As you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
“Set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
Thank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course  -- A great honor!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts @Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
“Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give Up
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus don't give up and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Happy 4th of July to everyone  including the haters and losers!
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency. - Think Like a Champion
.@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course"  Thank you.
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire a dream a vision.  Muhammad Ali
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem.
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Steve Jobs
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicago’s sign to my other properties including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - Think Like a Champion
Always remember I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't McCain couldn't.
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  ObamaCare killing jobs stopping growth and making small business insecure.
I'm leaving now for Ireland Spain Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
After these spirited primaries are over @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate we stop Obama’s agenda.
Someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so I told you so.
…In other words Secy John Kerry is so out of his element…
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
“Failures are expected by losers ignored by winners.”  -- @CoachJoeGibbs
It’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry after we blew the hell out of the place says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S. this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo where it belongs!
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington.
Great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
Always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
.@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about enjoy!
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their "clients"
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid  by the City (or both)?
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called "leader"
“When you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire