I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son Beau. Met him once great guy!
All the haters and losers must admit that unlike others  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Wow the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish!
Watch listen and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump"
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." --  Fred C. Trump
In business you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
A quote from the late great golfer Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job!
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D"
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
I would like to wish everyone including all haters and losers (of which sadly there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be truly great again!
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well  think BIG!
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
On this Memorial Day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
If I run and if I win our country will be great again. - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it. - @SRQRepublicans speech
I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my  @SRQRepublicans speech
I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2000+ attendees-Can't wait!
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
“Actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough be smart be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
Gallup finds Des Moines Iowa has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
I am in Iowa today great STATE fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
.@BillRancic  Bill fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
“Failure isn’t fatal but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
Going to New Hampshire all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them Tom and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols &amp; better
Remember politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads airports bridges. I know how to build pols only know how to talk!
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia train derails -many hurt some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- Thomas Edison
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.