The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie) media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow President Obama's brother Malik just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children Don Eric and Tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Arena was packed totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children Don and Tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks beautiful!
President Obama just had a news conference but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough!
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better and far more truthful than @CNN which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren a very weak Senator didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan Tamara Neo Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack this time in Nice France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!