.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy looking forward to it!
Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama. - @Perduesenate. GOTV for David this Tuesday!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
Strong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
Wow so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
.@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
.@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still never underestimate knowledge!
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince Lombardi
Next Tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday vote @DanSullivan2014!
Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!
“No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
“When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called @netanyahu "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C. even with two days rest.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works be it a rocket or website.
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNews
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative @BarbaraComstock to Congress!
“I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - @JoeTorre
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
Fox &amp; Friends going on now - enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again great and hard working people but much would have to change-taxes regs. etc
Yes I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
I made a fortune in Atlantic City got out years ago (great timing) and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
With all that is happening with Ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to New York Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe Ruth
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote @Perduesenate!
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
President Obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime but President Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Sotoro is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C. with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
If this doctor who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africahas Ebolathen Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many bedlam!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but news is spreading fast!
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE. and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance the BEST!
Why are we letting the three girls who left the U.S. to join ISIS back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S. a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States under President Obama has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
I will be in Washington D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! @Wharton
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow one of the all-time greats in fashion OSCAR DE LA RENTA has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
I was never a fan of Bush in fact he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president can't get any worse
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If notMexico would pay a price like never before!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN"
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
If you can’t see it you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.